docs: add mok key download from artifact studio PEM-8594 (#8157)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/self-hosted/management-appliance/_installation-steps-prereqs.mdx

  <summary> How to install Secure Boot on Hewlett Packard Enterprise iLO 5 </summary>

>   1. Before you start, ensure that you have iLO 5 access with privileges to launch the remote console and change BIOS settings. 
>   Additionally, you need the `MOK.der` certificate file on your local computer. Skip to Step 5 if you have already downloaded the certificate file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin, ensure that you have iLO 5 access with privileges to launch the remote console and change BIOS settings. You also need the `MOK.der` certificate file on your local computer. Skip to step 4 if you have already downloaded the certificate file.
```

Reviewer: I think this should be an intro, not a step 1. (If it's changed to an intro, note that step 5 > step 4.)

  2. Navigate to [Artifact Studio](https://artifact-studio.spectrocloud.com/).

>   3. Select the version corresponding to your {props.edition} installer. Then, click **Show Artifacts**. The artifacts list appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Select the version corresponding to your {props.edition} installer. Then, select **Show Artifacts**. The artifact list appears.
```

>   4. Select **Download** from the **MOK Key for Secure Boot** section to download the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. **Download** the **MOK Key for Secure Boot** file.
```

  5. Power on or reboot the server. When prompted during Power-On Self-Test (POST), press **F9** to enter **System Utilities**.
  6. Select **System Configuration** and press **ENTER**.
  7. Select **BIOS/Platform Configuration (RBSU)** > **Server Security** > **Secure Boot Settings** > **Advanced Secure Boot Options**.
  8. Select **DB – Allowed Signatures Database** > **Enroll Signature**. If Secure Boot is currently enabled, the **Enroll Signature** option will be unavailable. Temporarily disable Secure Boot and repeat the process.
  9. Drag the `MOK.der` file from your desktop onto the iLO Remote Console window. iLO mounts it as a virtual USB device automatically.
  10. Confirm any prompts.
  11. Verify that the new entry appears under **DB – Allowed Signatures Database** > **View Signatures**.
  12. Press **ESC** to exit the menus until the **Save and Exit** option is available.

>   13. Save the changes. Exit the menu and confirm to reboot the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  13. Save your changes. Exit the menu and reboot the server.
```

  </details>

  <details>

  <summary> How to install Secure Boot on Dell servers with UEFI </summary>

>   1. Before you start, you need the `MOK.der` certificate file on your local computer. Skip to Step 5 if you have already downloaded the certificate file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin, you need the `MOK.der` certificate file on your local computer. Skip to step 4 if you have already downloaded the certificate file.
```

  2. Navigate to [Artifact Studio](https://artifact-studio.spectrocloud.com/).

>   3. Select the version corresponding to your {props.edition} installer. Then, click **Show Artifacts**. The artifacts list appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Select the version corresponding to your {props.edition} installer. Then, select **Show Artifacts**. The artifact list appears.
```

>   4. Select **Download** from the **MOK Key for Secure Boot** section to download the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. **Download** the **MOK Key for Secure Boot** file.
```

  5. Power on the server. Execute the following command to create a virtual CD/DVD drive containing an ISO file with the `MOK.der` certificate.

      ```
      mkisofs -output key.iso -volid cidata -joliet -rock MOK.der
      ```
      Alternatively, you can save the file to a FAT32-formatted USB drive.
  6. Reboot the server. When the Dell logo appears, press **F2**. The **System Setup** menu opens.
  7. Select **System BIOS** > **Boot Settings**.
  8. Ensure that the **Boot Mode** is set to **UEFI**.
  9. Press **ESC** to return to **Boot Settings**.
  10. Select **System Security** > **Secure Boot Settings**.
  11. Toggle **Secure Boot** to **Enabled** and **Secure Boot Policy** to **Custom**.
  12. Select **Secure Boot Custom Policy Settings** > **Authorized Signature Database (db)**.
  13. Select **Import New Entry**. Then, select the virtual CD/DVD drive or USB drive containing the `MOK.der` file.

>   14. Save the changes. Press **ESC** to return to **Authorized Signature Database (db)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  14. Save your changes. Press **ESC** to return to **Authorized Signature Database (db)**.
```

  15. Select **View Entries**. The `MOK.der` file shows in the database as **DRBD Module Signing**.

>   16. Save the changes. Exit the menu and confirm to reboot the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  16. Save your changes. Exit the menu and reboot the server.
```
